Diehärte - German, from Die Härte, meaning "hardness"
Tiaris - part of the scientific name for a number of birds in the Finch family
Riffany - I believe this is just a corruption of Tiffany, but it does seem to be a first name used uncommonly.  Do a web search and you can find a few people with that name.
Luna - Latin for "Moon."
Sophia - Latin for "wisdom"
Flaire - as Oogami has pointed out, this could also be a Japanese mispelling of Freya..
Lewin - name of an English missionary who became the patron saint of Ghent.  Comes from leof - dear, and wine - friend.
Silver Wolf
Gilbert - German, meaning "Trusted"
Pierre- French form of "Peter," means "Rock"
Fauvel - There is a Middle Ages text called "Roman de Fauvel," which portrays the clergy as a donkey (thanks, Oogami!)
Dios - Spanish for "God"
Jügler - German last name
Jessica - Hebrew, "God sees"
Kirikaze - Combination of two Japanese kanji:  Kiri - fog, Kaze - wind
Do Kahni - nonsense syllables?
Altemüller - German, "old" + "miller"
Varna (Far - na) - Slavic name of a river and town in Bulgaria
Emaillink - German, "Enamel" + "left side".  I think they were trying to suggest that Emaillink is Altemüller's left "hand", while Varna is his right "hand"...
Bortz - a Basque (Euskara) word meaning "Five."  I assume this follows the convention of naming children by number, common in many cultures.  Basques are found in the Pyrenees mountains, in Spain and France, for the curious.
Torrand - Camille Torrand was a Jesuit priest, and may be the inspiration for the name.
William - from German, "Wilhelm" = "desire" + "protection"
Wilder - German, "Savage"
Keh Shikairo - more nonsense?
Ka Shind - and again...
Christ - nuff said
Raymond - German, from "ragin" (advice) and "mund" (protector).
Geriord (jer yor) - "French" version of Gerard ("brave spear")?
Layla - Arabic for "wine, alcohol
Olver - variation on Oliver?, which is in turn a bastard mixture of German Alfihar (elf army) and Latin oliva (olive tree)
Paul - given the name of his father, this is definitely a Biblical reference...but comes from the Roman name Paulus (humble)
Gaiel - from what I can tell, this is a variation either of Gale - storm, or Gawel = Gallus, Latin for "rooster".  Still haven't found a satisfactory etymology.
Böser (Bo zer) - German, meaning "more evil."  Commonly mistransliterated as Bozel:P
Grove
Ferakia
Rag
Richard - German, from "ric" (power) and "hard" (brave)
Coty - this comes from a French surname, meaning "old river bank"
Anna - from "Hannah", which in turn comes from the Hebrew name "Chaanach" (grace)
Sieghart - German, from "Sieg" (victory) and "hart" (hard)
Ruud - Dutch short form of Rudolf, a German name from "hrod" (fame) and "wulf" (wolf)
Chaos
Lushiris
Gal Shok
Elthlied
Ledin - seen it as both a first and last name, but damned if I can find a meaning
Chris - from Christina, feminine form of Christian
Namu - Korean, "tree". 
Elwin - from Old English, Aelfwine (elf friend).  Note that Erwin, an alternative choice, is a German name meaning roughly "boar friend."  Take your pick.
Rhianna - Celtic, from "Rigantona" (great queen).  Rhiannon was the Celtic goddess of fertility and the moon.
Sherry - variant of French Cherie (darling), influenced by sherry
Adon - Hebrew, "Master"
Samson - Biblical reference to the famed strong man, whose strength was related to his hair
Valan
