An embarassingly poorly crafted sword, emblazoned
with a horse and star logo.  Because it is so weak,
if you defeat an enemy with this sword you will get 
twice the experience.  (AT -4, DF -2, A+ -2)
A long, one-handed sword.  Because it is easy
to handle, it is good for beginners and experts alike.
A very popular blade.
(AT +4)
A two-handed sword.  Since the blade is wide
and heavy, it has a long reach and the power
to grind armor to powder.
(AT +5)
A sword fashioned from Mithril, a special alloy.
Its keen edge is prided as the strongest
nonmagical sword.
(AT +6)
A magic sword with the power to freeze foes
it slices.  Its blade emanates cold, having
been mysteriously crafted using ice.
(AT +6)
Sword with a retractable plasma blade.  Said
to seal the power of the thunder god, it can
call forth lightning.
(At +6)
A demon blade with a poisoned edge, forged
using blood.  It can instantly kill any foe it
slashes.
(AT +7)
A sword so sharp that it can cut iron.
With a single stroke, it can even cut
through the hard hide of a dragon.
(AT+6 / bonus against dragons)
One of the three sacred treasures of the Oriental
king.  Said to have been fashioned from the tail
of a giant, eight-headed serpent.
(AT +8)
The legendary holy sword.  Its blade was crafted
in a special way.  Its wielder is said to be protected
by the gods.
(AT +9, DF +1)
The holy sword crafted by a legendary smith
to combat evil.  Forged using a layered metal
called Orihalcon.
(AT +7)
The Haja no Ken, enfused with Sieghart's soul.
 Drawing on the divine protection of the Goddess
of Light, Lushiris, it has the power to face the Al Hazard.
(AT +11, DF +1, bonus magic resistance)
The demon blade of darkness created by Chaos,
the god of mayhem.  Its wielder draws on the
dark power of Chaos.  (AT +13, DF +1, 
bonus magic resistance, uses HP Drain)
A small, one-handed axe.  A handy size, easy
to use, and good for hunting.  It can even
be thrown.
(AT +4)
A large axe designed for war, with a long haft,
and two sharp blades.  It is very powerful,
but a bit heavy.
(AT +7, MV -2)
An axe crafted from enchanted Mithril silver.
It has a huge axehead, but is still light and
easy to wield.
(AT +7)
A blood-stained greataxe, enchanted with power
in ages past.  It binds its wielder with fear, so
that only the berserk are suited to wield it.
(AT +12, DF -4, MV -2)
A stone axe engraved with the runes for
silence and destruction.  Through magical
enhancement it has been made surprisingly light.
(AT +10, MV -1)
It isn't very powerful, but its small, easy-to-use
shape make it popular among travellers as a
means for self-defense.
(AT +1)
A special, short blade used more for blocking
attacks than attacking.  Difficult to use
properly.
(AT +1, DF +1)
A one-handed shortsword.  Cheap, easy to
use, with decent attack power.  Reputed to
be a good beginner's weapon.
(AT +2)
A very sharp shortsword crafted from meteorite
ore.   Its wavy blade grants it a very deadly edge.
Also, it is carved with a beautiful shape.
(AT +3)
A dark weapon specially crafted for ninja use.
In addition to protection, it can be used for all
sorts of things, like climbing walls.  It can also
instantly kill enemies.  (AT +4)
A spear made of bamboo.  Cheap, light, and
easy to use.
(AT +3)
　
Spear made of robust steel.  Because of the
steel, it is better at piercing and killing, and
excellent for fighting cavalry.
(AT +4)
A spear with three prongs at its end.  Simple
to use, and unusually effective at killing.
(AT +5)

Developed from the trident, this long spear has
a broad spearhead.  Its tip is adorned by a
beautiful ornament.
(AT +6)
A demon spear, said to be able to kill with
the wind whipped up in its thrusting.  It is
unusually light, and its wielder has power over wind.
(AT +7)
The glaive said to have been regularly used by
the Oriental warrior-monk, Benkei.  It is unusually
heavy, but the full extent of its power is unknown.
(AT +8)
A spear made to cast forth countless arrows
from its tip.  Because it is so specialized, its
wielder must have great skill.
(AT +9)

The spear hurled by Odin, god of war and weather.
When thrown, it always hits its target, and returns
to its wielder after killing its foe.
(AT +10)
The primeval bludgeoning weapon.  Because it
is fashioned simply from wood, its power is
contemptible. (AT +3)
　
A kind of mace fashioned from a long haft and
ball-and-chain.  Powerful, but hard to use
correctly.
(AT +4)
A mace with increased attack power, based on
the numerous spikes sticking out of its head.
It can pulverise enemy armor - ideal for fighting
heavily armored soldiers.  (AT +5)
The tool the macho Aniki normally use to train.
Now you, too, can revel in the joy of hardening
your body whenever, and wherever you are.
(AT +2)
A giant hammer fashioned from enchanted
Mithril silver.  Robust, yet unusually light, its
true power is unimaginable.
(AT +6)
The club used by Dagda, a god of superhuman
strength.  Because it is so large and heavy, it is
foolish for any but the especially buff to try to use it.
(AT +7)
Hammer of fearsome destructive power used by
Thor, God of Thunder.  If hurled, it will invoke lightning
on its target, then return to your hand.
(AT +8)
A cypress staff.  It's not much of a weapon, but
it provides some help in casting spells.
(AT +1, Magic Range +1)

Provides minimal personal protection for a mage
while enhancing spell-casting ability.
(Magic Range +3, Int +5)

Carried by people recognized as top mages.
It raises resistance to enemy magic while
enhancing spell-casting prowess.
(Magic Range +3, Int +10, Resistance +5)
A rod adorned with a magic crystal on its tip,
this device also augments efficacy of magic
cast by its wielder.
(AT +1, Magic Range +4, Int +10) 
A rod said to be used by the greatest mages.
Mages who use it gain numerous benefits.
(AT +1, Magic Range +5, Int +10, Resist +5)

A magic staff which unleashes cold.  Because
an ice spirit dwells within, concentration is no
longer needed to cast Freeze.
(AT +1, Magic Range +5, Int +10, Resist +5)
A staff infused with the breath of life.  Its wielder
no longer need concentrate to heal those within
touch range.
(AT +1, Magic Range +5, Int +10, Resist +5)
A staff passed down for generations among
the line of the Dragons.  The intelligence of
generations of Dragons is infused in its dragon
head cap. (AT +3, Magic Range +7, Int +5, Resist +5)
A rod filled with holy power, granted by the Goddess
of Light, Lushiris.  Raises the magical might of its
wielder to the max.
(AT +2, Magic Range +6, Area +1, Int +10, Resist +5)
A rod of darkness filled with the dark power of the
Lord of Mayhem, Chaos.  Steals the lives of all but
its wielder.
(AT +2, Magic Range +6, Area +1, Int +10, Resist +5)
A wooden shortbow fashioned of oak.  Small and
easy to transport, but its power is minimal.
(AT +1)
　
A composite shortbow fashioned from oak wood
and ramshorn.  In addition to being compact, it
is very strong and flexible.
(AT +2)
A longbow fashioned from yew wood.  It is very
destructive and pierces well, but requires a lot
of practice to use properly.
(AT +3)
A contraption which mounts a bow.  It can be
easily shot by pulling the trigger.  It packs a lot
of power because of the windlass.
(AT +4)
The longbow used by the elves, protectors of the
forest.  Imbued with the power of the forest spirits,
it has the power to bind enemies in silence.
(AT +4, Int +5)
The arrows cast from this demon bow are said
to overcome targets with powerful sleepiness.
Said to have been awarded by the goddess of
the night.  (AT +5)
Normally the size of this bow would be too much
to draw, but it is enfused magic.  And, its
destructive power is unusually high.
(AT +6)
The bow of the moon goddess, Artemis.  Since
the power of the moon magic imbues its arrows,
it can sometimes confuse the hearts of enemies.
(AT +6)
An Oriental katana fashioned under the night moon
of the sixteenth night.  It is quite light, but very sharp,
with unusually high killing power.
(AT +6)
An Oriental katana named after the Chrysanthemum.
The character for Chrysanthemum adorns the blade.
This blade is famed for its fine craftsmanship.
(AT +7)
A named blade forged with the power of a tiger by
an Oriental bladesmith.  Thanks to its unusual
quality, it is extraordinarily sharp.  Many legends
surround this blade.  (AT +9)
Many sword tales involve the Masamune and
Oriental masters.  It posses an edge sharp enough
to behead or cut through iron in a single stroke.
(AT +10)
A phantom blade which seeks human blood.
The evil blade of the royal family, its use has
always been proscribed by legend.
(AT +11, bonus against humans)
A knight's lance, used from horseback.  Used
to prod an enemy from a distance, it has the
power to pierce armor and instantly kill.
(AT +7)
A magical lance forged with enchanted Mithril silver.
Lighter than normal lances, this lance still
packs a lot of power.
(AT +8)
Having passed through many hands, this lance
has fed on the blood from many battlefield.  It
drains the souls of the foes it pierces, healing
its wielder.  (AT +6, HP Drain)
Lance used by a dragon knight.  Light, but longer
than usable from horseback, it possesses
destructive piercing power.
(AT +9)
A magic lance said to be formed from a fire
spirit.  Violent flames emanate from its haft
and lance tip.
(AT +10)
A demon lance which yearns for battle.  The
lance itself can sense conflict,  and spouts
flame on the battlefield.
(AT +11)
Full body armor assembled from steel plates.
While it has strong defensive power, its one
flaw is the limited movement it allows.
(DF +6, MV -2)
Full body armor made of silvered mithril.
Being lighter than steel, it affords a bit more
mobility.  Also, it is good defense against magic.
(DF+6, MV -1)
Full body armor permitted for those recognized
as knights.  Nothing surpasses its potency of
protectiveness nor its outward beauty.
(DF +7, MV -2)
Protects by strengthening the aura of its wearer.
Lighter even than the traditional silver armor,
it also affords excellent protection.
(DF +7)
Armor for a giant humanoid fashioned from steel.
It is inscribed with the letters "ZEAR-I."  A boon
from an unkown civilization.
(AT +10, DF +10)
Armor made from linked chain.  Lighter than plate,
and easier to move in.  Because it offers good
defense, it is prefered by many soldiers.
(DF +4, MV -1)
Holy armor granted to the followers of the
earth goddess.  Its wearer, shrouded by the divine
protection of the goddess, is warded from magic.
(DF +4)
Armor which attaches metal plates to the torso.
A little heavier than chainmail, but also able to offer
greater defense,
(DF +5, MV -1)
Armor fashioned from dragon scales.  Lighter than
iron, it also absorbs blows better.  Because its
ingredients are rare, there are few such suits about.
(DF +5, Fire Resistance)
Armor worn by Oriental soldiers.  Light and very
defensive, it nonetheless is possessed of an
artistic beauty.
(DF +6, MV -1)
Armor worn by the hero Aeneas.  Said to have
been forged by Hephaestus, it is prided for its
protective potence.
(DF +6)
Armor crafted from smooth leather.  Its defensive
potential doesn't meet expectations, but it does
offer plenty of mobility.
(DF +2)
Armor crafted from layered leathers.  While it is
a little heavier, it also does a better job of blocking
blows.
(DF +3)
Special garments worn by the Oriential shinobi.
While it was made for movement, it is also 
good for defense.
(DF +4)
Being ordinary clothes, don't expect them to offer
much protection.  But, better than wearing nothing,
and the price is nice.
(DF +1)
A light comfortable robe worn by sorcerors.
It is imbued with a protective charm that
wards against enemy magic.
(DF +1)
Wax of the Builders.  When applied, it makes
the body shinier, but conveys no defensive
virtue.
　
A strange bikini which has resistance against
every form of magic.  Donning it invokes the
Resist spell.
(DF +1)
A magic robe which emanates a mysterious aura.
Raises magic power, defense, and resistance to
enemy spells.
(DF +2)
A goddess's thin, feathered robe.  Said to grant
its wearer the power to fly through the heavens.
Its defense is not that great, but it offers resistance.
(DF +2)
Vestments worn by a dark priest of Chaos.
By performing a ritual offering of blood, one
can call the unholy powers of Chaos or cast
Confuse.  (DF +3, Magic Resist Up)
Thin dress worn by the Goddess of Light.
Its wearer may protect against various evils
by calling the divine providence of Lushiris or
cast Heal1.  (DF +3, Magic Resist Up)
A small shield crafted from wooden planks,
reinforced by an iron rim.  It doesn't cost much
but also doesn't offer much protection.
(DF +1)
Round shield made from wooden planks.
Doesn't offer much defense, but is easy to use
and offers enough against ordinary attacks.
(DF +2)
Bracelet etched with a protection rune.  When
equipped, one can invoke a mysterious warden
and also cast Protection1.
(DF +3)
Bracelet etched with a power rune.  When worn,
one can invoke a mysterious warden and also
cast Attack1.
(AT +1, DF +2)
Bracelet etched with a rune of a mysterious god.
When worn, one can invoke a mysterious warden
and also cast Heal1.
(DF +2, Critical Rate Up)
A shield which uses its great size to ward better.
It is preferred by many soldiers but cannot be
wielded by those without skill.
(DF +3)
A special bracer attached to a gauntlet and
a two-edged blade.  Good for both defense
and offense, but requires dexterity and skill
to use properly.  (AT +2, DF +2)
Shield fashioned from dragon scales.  It is
light, robust, and easy to use, but its rare
components are hard to get ahold of.
(DF +3, Fire Resistance)
A shield imbued with a ward that protects
against all spells.  It also affords strong
defense against physical attacks.
(DF +3)
Shield of Achilles, forged by a divine smith.
Fashioned from five sheets of metal, the shield
bears the god's blessing, invoking Protection1.
(DF +3, HP +5)
It isn't all that effective as a defensive accessory.
However, because it calms the soul, it increases
one's magic resistance. 

A cap fashioned from leather.  Since it has no
reinforcement, its defense is weak, but it's still
better than nothing.
(DF +1)
A silver tiara which was instilled with both magic
resistance and magic power.  It confers on its
wearer both strength of spirit and mind.
(MP +5, Magic Resistance)
Beautiful gold crown adorned with unusually many
gems.  This perfect artistic piece is magically
imbued with the ability to better command troops.
(A+ +2, D+ +2)
A circlet adorned with a crystal on its front.
Imbued with great magic, it offers greater
magic resistance than the tiara.
(DF +1, MP +5, Magic Resistance)
Blessed by the gods, this holy veil is bathed in
mysterious light.  It offers high magic resistance
against some forms of magic.
(DF +1, A+ +2, D+ +2)
A hood said to be worn by the Oriental shinobi.
In addition to hiding one's face, it wards one's
head, offering staunch protection.
(DF +3)
A helm which is longer at the back of the head.
Fashioned primarily to defend the head, leaving
the chin bared, it still offers good defense.
(DF +2)
A helm which covers both the head and face.
While it is more effective, it is also heavier
and severely restricts one's vision.
(DF +3)
Helm crafted from the magic metal, mithril silver.
Offers strong defense against both mundane
and magical attacks.
(DF +3, Magic Resistance)
A helm fashioned with strange bumps and ridges.
Because of its eerie appearance, those who behold
it are said to quake in fear.
(DF +3, INT +5, Critical Rate Up)
A strange crystal which amplifies its owner's
magic power.  It facilities casting more spells.
(1.5 x Max MP)

A pendant crafted by enchanters, used in a past
era by a magical civilization.  It can lessen the
overall strength of enemy magical attacks.
(INT +5, Magic Resistance for Troops)
A charm which offers a mysterious power to its
bearer.  Shaped like a weapon, it conveys
divine blessings during battle.
(A+ +5, D+ +5)
The horn which signals the start of the war
which is said will end the world.  Its call
resonates to all the corners of the world.
(A+ +10, D+ +5)
A buried ring, bearing the sign of a skull
crying tears of blood.  Imbued with the power
of the Lord of Immortals. (Troop & Missile
Range +2, MP +10, A+ +2, Magic Resistance)
Enchanted chains which bind Fenrir.  Fashioned
from mysterious ingredients, it has various
abilities.
(AT +3, DF +1, Magic Resistance for Troops)
Beautiful pure white feather lost when an angel
flew.  The mightiest talisman offering magic
resistance to troops.
(A+ +3, D+ +5, Magic Resistance for Troops)
A pact written in blood, bound to the lord of chaos.
Grants magic resistance to troops, but is weak
against holy magicks.
(A+ +7, D+ +3, Magic Resistance for Troops)
An orb housing flames which burn eternally.
Amplifies its bearer's magic power as well as
offering great resistance to fire.
(Missile Range +1, 1.5 x Max MP) 
Talisman said to have been handed awarded
by the Holy King to a true arbiter of Justice.
Conveys holy power and might of spirit.
(INT +15, D+ +8, Magic Resistance for Some Troops)
A holy cross, blessed by the gods.  Troops of
its bearer shall receive divine protection.  By
focusing, its bearer can also turn the undead.
(D+ +2)
An accessory which hides a mysterious power
to control people.  Its wearer can employ up
to 8 units at a time.

A charm enchanted to ward the body against evil.
Also, by focusing, its wearer can cast resist.
(Magic Resistance for Troops)

A ring inscribed with a rune of protection.  It
confers a mysterious protection.  By focusing,
its user can cast Protection2.
(D+ +8)
A ring inscribed with a rune of power.  It conveys
explosive attack power.  Additionally, by focusing,
its user can cast Attack2.
(A+ +8)
A so-called Platinum Piece, shaped like a star.
It strengthens the soul of its bearer, so that
spells are less draining.
(Spells cost .75 listed MP)
A ring granted by an angel to one with a just
heart.  Its bearer is said to be suffused with
blessings.  (HP +10, MP +10, INT +10,
Magic Resistance for Some Troops)
A ring adorned by a jewel imbued with the magic
power of a spirit lord.  Raises the power of
every spirit.
(A+ +5, D+ +5, Magic Resistance for Troops)
A belt of might which increases one's strength,
said to have been worn by Thor.  Takes its
wearer's strength to the limit.
(STR 10% Higher)
Gold ring forged by the famed Dwarf brothers.
Every ninth night, it drops 8 rings equal to itself
in size and beauty.
(DF +3)
Ring of the Elf Lord Lauren.  Its wearer will
be imbued with an overabundance of power.
(HP +30)

Necklace said to grant its wearer the power
to unify the world.  Through its power of command,
8 units may be controlled in battle.
(A+ +8, D+ +5)
An ank made of crystal.  By using it in prayer,
one can protect against any disaster.
(D+ +5, Magic Resistance for Troops)

Garters fashioned from leather to protect
the legs.
(DF +1)

Boots fashioned from sheet metal to protect
the body from any attack.  High defensive
value.
(DF +2)
Boots enchanted with a mysterious spell.
When worn, the body becomes lighter.
An item lost by a mischievious elf.
(MV +4)
A strange plant grown in a cave where
no light shone. The leaves are edible
so long as they are kept in the dark.
(Recover 20 MP)
Hidden stone inscribed with ancient letter.
What is written is not yet clear.
If you use it....?

The divine drink of the gods of Olympus
which granted them eternal life.
Imbibing it grants 1 level.
　
Sweet smelling fruit eaten by the gods of
Olympus which grants its owner eternal
life.  Eating it allows the hiring of 1
additional troop unit. 
A seed imbued with the essence of courage,
to strengthen the heart.  Eating it raises
A+ by 1.
　
A plant that thrives on the peaks of high mountains.
By eating on the extract from its leaves,  one's
vitality is said to be increased.   When eaten,
D+ goes up by 1.
Found in the heavens, this golden apple is eaten
by the gods.  It conveys much knowledge from
ancient times.  Eating it raises INT by 1.

A fruit of a tree adapted from the giant trees
which flourish on the southern island, said to
increase one's muscle power when eaten.
Eating it raises STR by 1.
Fruit from the holy trees worshipped by priests
of the earth goddess.  By eating the fruit, the
body is said to become more robust.
Eating it raises AT by 1.  
Fruit from a plant instilled with magic by
an enchanter.  Its power is to ward off
danger.
Eating it raises DF by 1.
The legendary secret stone which conveys
the ability for a man to be hailed as a Hero.
The stone is said to grant great power to
the mightiest of soldiers.
The crest presented to one recognized as a
knight.  There are few people in continent
who bear this crest.  It is the greatest honor
which can be accorded to a knight.
An egg-shaped stone found in the earth which
hides a mysterious power.  It is thought to be
the egg of an extinct beast. In addition to its
innate power, it allows one to ride a dinosaur.
The secret writings of spearmanship, written
by Sukasaha, a soldier and a mighty witch.
It requires genius to master the writings and
thereby become the strongest with the spear.
Magic wings granting the favor of the wind god.
Whosoever has been chosen to hold them
shall be granted the power to run through
the heavens at will.
Secret writings said to have been left by a
great thief.  Every secret in the art of thievery
has been written there to grant an accomplished
thief mastery of the art.
A heart enchanted to continue beating after
separation from a body.  The evil power
instilled in this necromantic remnant of a
fallen knight..might grant power to rend the earth.
Water instilled with the demon magic of darkness,
harvested from a fountain steeped in the mysteries
of the demon world.  A high level demon drinking
this blood-colored water shall gain supreme demonic power.
Blood from a ghost with a strong geas to live
that can only be seen by the undead.  Undead with
the power to become a wraith that drink this shall
receive the ultimate phantom powers.
A demon stone sealing the soul of an ancient
dragon which aspired to the powers of the gods.
When granted to a Bahamut, the Bahamut can
attain its ultimate powers.
Said to have been written by a great holy king,
these enchanted writings contain all the secrets
of white magic.  Because its complexity, only
the very learned can decipher its contents.
The sign of a truly holy one, granted only to one
who risks life and limb in battling the wicked,
with passionate faith in god.
Forbidden writings collecting the most powerful
black magicks.  Using it requires the utmost in
concentration and intellect, and none but the
most learned black mages can handle it.
A silver amulet engraved with words of power.
It raises the magic power of its owner to the limit,
but using it risks insanity for any but those who
are well versed in the dark arts.
Arrow said to be used by the sun god Apollo.
Grants those shot by it a tranquil death.
Only an expert archer can handle it
safely, though.
An arrow which possesses the mysterious
ability to show the future of whoever touches it.
It is easiest to use from horseback, but only
the most skilled can manage this feat.
This beatiful gem is said to be a tear shed in
despair by a mermaid who loved a man.  Only
a skilled aqua knight can make use of the
powers hidden in this gem.
A blessed stone which radiates seven colors
of light.  Imbued with the blessings of the
three Fates, its wielder shall be granted
new talents.
Rune engraved with the blessings of the
earth god.  When used by the main character,
he can class change to be a soldier.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
wind god.  When used by the main character,
he can class change to be a knight.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
lord of the light.  When used by the main character,
he can class change to be a priest.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
god of the heavens.  When used by the
main character, he can class change to be
an aerial knight.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
water god.  When used by the main character,
he can class change to be an aqua knight.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
thunder god.  When used by the main character,
he can class change to be a pikeman.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
forest god.  When used by the main character,
he can class change to be an archer.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
fire god.  When used by the main character,
he can class change to be a mage.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
death god.  When used by Jler,
he can class change to be a ghost.

Rune instilled with the power of an
ancient dragon.  When used by Jler,
he can class change to be a dragon.

Rune engraved with the blessings of the
god of darkness.  When used by Jler,
he can class change to be a demon.
　
　
<END>
